Release v0.10.0 (#280)
precice/micro-manager: docs/model-adaptivity.md

| 0     | No resolution change                                  |
| -1    | Increase model fidelity by one (go back one in list)  |
| 1     | Decrease model fidelity by one (go one ahead in list) |

> If the switching function requests a change beyond the available resolution range, the request is ignored and does not trigger another model-adaptivity iteration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the switching function requests a change beyond the available resolution range, the request is clamped within the available range. Further requests beyond the range are ignored and do not trigger another model-adaptivity iteration.
```

Author: Thanks! I'll change this on develop and it will be reflected in a future release.
